Clarify config file vs network configs (#774)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/reference/cli/index.md

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

The network to use.

> Accepts a predefined network name, or a file path or URL to a YAML network configuration file

Reviewer: maybe rephrase to `Accepts a predefined network name (preferred option), or a file path or URL to a YAML network specific configuration file`

> Accepts a predefined network name, or a file path or URL to a YAML network configuration file

Author: ```suggestion
Accepts a predefined network name, or a file path or URL to a YAML network-specific configuration file
```

from the [consensus specification].

> This network configuration is separate from the Teku

Reviewer: Make this bold so its super clear? The network configuration deals with base network settings like bootnodes, intial state etc and is different to the teku [configuration file] which deals with teku specific settings like data dir, peering etc

| `chiado`   | Consensus layer | Test       | Gnosis [testnet](https://docs.gnosischain.com/concepts/networks/chiado) |
| `lukso`    | Consensus layer | Production | Network for the [Lukso chain](https://lukso.network/)                   |

> Predefined networks configure values such as the initial state of the network, bootnodes, and

Reviewer: maybe rephrase to `Predefined networks configure base network settings such as ....`

> Predefined networks configure values such as the initial state of the network, bootnodes, and

Author: ```suggestion
Predefined networks configure base network settings such as the initial state of the network, bootnodes, and
```
